What is a constructors in Java:
    A constructor is a special block of code that helps us give initial values to the fields
    of a class. initialization of object or instance.
Why we should use a constructor.
    1) When we use the contractor to initialize the object it looks more readable and cleaner.
    2) If the fields of a class are private it's not possible to access them outside of a class without
    constructor or a method which means we can't initialize them without a method or a constructors.
    3) We can enforce rules like what kind of values are assigned to variables with the help of a constructor.
    4) If we want to make sure that some lines of code should always be executed when the object of a class
     is created we can put that ode inside the constructor.
How to use constructor.
    We create constructor inside the class and when an object of that class is created the constructor
    is executed automatically.
 Example: class Car{
 String make;
 String model;

 Car (String carMake, String carModel){
 make=carMake;
 model=carModel;

 }
 public static void main (String [] args){
 Car bmw=new Car("BMW", "m4");

 }
 }

Rules:
    1) Constructors don't have return types not even void.
    2) The name of the constructor should always be same as name of the class.
    3) Constructors can't be created with a static keyword.
    4) We can use an access modifiers with Constructors.
    5) If we don't create a constructor in a class default constructor with zero parameters is
    created by compiler (takes the code written by us, and it converts that code to byte code which is easier
    for Java to understand)
    6) it is not allowed to have two constructor in a class with same number of parameters and same type

    THIS KEYWORD:
    We can use "this." keyword to access the instance variables when you have same name variables and your method
    or constructor or any block of code.
    this():
    calls the constructor of a class inside other constructor.
    why we use it --> it help us reuse already written constructors contains same code
    why we want to create multiple constructor in the first place--> we want to give end user flexibility that he
    can create the objects of our class in may different ways